hi I'm Arlo and welcome to color touch
TV now one of the things my friends
poked fun at me about is how much I love
my daily routine I get up in the morning
and have my coffee and off to work and I
get home in the early evening cook my
dinner have my daily glass of wine then
I'm off to bed having the color touch in
my home allows me to program my
thermostat around my life and have a
different temperature for morning day
evening and night let me show you how
easy it is to set this up for your daily
routine
let's start by pressing the menu button
then press the schedule icon make sure
and turn time period on then select edit
my schedule let's start with a weekday
schedule by pressing the weekday button
and then press next start with the
morning time here you can set what time
you want your morning to start then set
the coolest you want it to get along
with the warmest then press done now do
the same for day evening and night to
create the perfect temperature
environment for your home once you are
finished hit next review your program
and press safe now that your color touch
is set up to work the way you live you
can have peace of mind knowing you're
getting the most out of your color touch
that does it for today if you have any
questions visit our website at Ben star
com I'll see you next time on color
touch TV